If the world is not fair
You are in charge of the gods
injure good and punish evil
From now on, you will be the Lord of the Gods
You must practice hard at Black Jade for three years
Only then can we digest the success of this seat
Leave rashly
Soul Gathering
Remember remember
The world is left to you
Hahahaha, this seat is going too.
Lao Tzu's words, do you dare to be a 2 fleeing wind?
Let you taste the sin stick
The boy sleeps soundly
Isn't it? I really succeeded in getting the owners of the gods
What about my daughter haha
Killed by Lao Tzu
How dare you fight back?
Then I'll give it to Lao Tzu
Fight to the death
Leave a breath for the brothers to enjoy
What do you mean I want your life?
Ahhh
I was wrong. I didn't touch your daughter
Your daughter was taken away by Zhao Ya, I didn't touch him
Do you want to open your mouth?
Do I want Chinese New Year?
Would you like to taste my stick?
No, no.
I'll give it to you.
Not worthy
Kicking you makes my shoes dirty.
Don't play
You really have a good mouth
Stop being your enemy
Black jade will also cease to exist
Hey, it's a professional shoe shine.
Good good Mr. Gu
Size I like to shine shoes